I decided it was time to leave London.
Not because I wanted to, but because
London clearly couldn't offer me what I
need. No admirers, no generosity, no man
with actual spending power. So, I took
one last match and strolled through the
rain trying to get an aesthetic outfit.
But honestly, the only thing I could
think about was let nobody steal my
phone during this performance. I was
lucky. Fast forward on the plane, I
looked out of the window and gave the UK
a little polite wave, a soft goodbye,
more out of manners than emotion.
Nothing says moving on like rising above
a city that wasted your time. Once we
reached altitude, they handed me
champagne, some cavier, finally
something that made sense and arrived
real food. Looked beautiful, smelled
promising, tasted like disappointment. I
even tried another dish to see if I was
the problem. But no, clearly London had
followed me onto the walked to the bar
to see if at least the snacks were
edible or if a provider man had
accidentally boarded this flight.
Neither of the bar lady saved my life.
He smashed some cucumber drink for me
and gave me small bites that were
actually eatable. A miracle. After the
food disaster, I decided a shower might
heal me. I walked in expecting peace,
but instead saw a counter. 5 minutes as
if I was some budget D, not a queen
escaping from London's emotional damage.
I stepped out irritated and put on the
air which looked like they were made by
a man who hates. Finally, in the bed, I
tried to sleep. Of course, I couldn't.
My brain brought up every disappointing
man I have ever met. Sleep was
cancelled. Then the iPad for the TV
didn't work in first class. I tapped it
like a delusional woman, hoping it would
become more useful than men. I was
stressed. She started bringing me
offerings, trying to tell me non-verbal.
Please don't give me a bad review. Only
when she handed me a gold infused face
mask. I understood she knew who I am.
The first thing all day that actually
aligned with my standard. Then I finally
watched the movie The Materialist. A
decision I still regret. But at this
point, I had no clue and nothing left to
me. While I was doing my little no
makeup makeup, the movie finally got
interest. the real provider straight out
of my ebook. But I didn't have much time
to enjoy the movie. I was being called
to the bathroom for round two of
showering and changing. Freshened up. I
was ready to see the rest of the movie.
Little did I know that I was about to
watch a woman choose suffering on
purpose. And then it happened. She
kissed the broke guy and married him
with a ring made of daisies. A daisy
ring. I was physically ill. And the
second I processed that plane dropped.
My soul left my body twice. I looked out
of the window and waved back at the boy,
"Thank God I'm home" kind of way. Inside
the airport, everyone knew who I am and
I was treated as they knew my arms were
not made to carry luggage and my eyes
certainly not made for finding
chauffeur. Finally in the car, I could
breathe again. I gave a little wave and
the bush khalifa sparkled back at me. I
finally knew I was safe. Got out of the
car, went upstairs and was greeted by my
entourage. Like I owe them some
explanation or food.